1. git push -u origin feature/backend-salman



2. ok we can just create the basic django and the psql for db




3. (By the way, as you can see in the task list, I just successfully generated all the initial Django files for the backend while your Next.js app was starting!)

Don't worry, going from "local development" to "live on the internet" holds a lot of mysteries the first time, but it's simpler than you think.

Because we are using a Next.js frontend and a Django / PostgreSQL backend, here is the absolute best free stack I recommend for beginners delivering a production project:

1. The Database: Supabase (Free Tier)
Instead of installing PostgreSQL on a server yourself, you can use Supabase. It is a free, cloud-hosted PostgreSQL database. You just click "Create Project", and they give you a Database URL (like postgresql://user:password@server/db). You'll paste that URL directly into our Django .env file, and Django connects to it automatically!

2. The Backend Hosting: Render (Free Tier)
For hosting the Python Django server itself, use Render.com. You just link it to your GitHub account and select your Ethoss.in repository. Render will automatically detect that you have a Django project inside the backend folder, install the Python libraries (pip install), and start the server. Best part? Every time you git push to your main branch, Render automatically updates the live server!

3. The Frontend Hosting: Vercel (Free Tier)
Next.js was created by a company called Vercel. Hosting Next.js on Vercel is basically magical. Like Render, you just connect your GitHub repository, and it automatically hosts the frontend for free.

Your Roadmap to Delivery
When we finish writing the backend code today on your computer, your delivery process will look like this:

Make an account on Supabase, get the database URL.
Sign up for Render, tell it to run our backend code.
Your teammate signs up for Vercel, tells it to run the Next.js frontend code.
Give the Vercel app your new Render website link so it knows where to send the API requests!